# Quiz-App-using-Flutter
Flutter API is an open-source, natively-compiled software development toolset for creating beautiful user interfaces. A functional version is currently available for IOS and Android OS.

This application will include the following modules or features:

1.Five multiple-choice questions (more questions can be added).
2.Except for the final question, each query contains four selectable options presented as buttons.
3.Internally, the score will be determined based on the answer chosen for each query.
4.In addition to the final score and restart icon, a comment based on the final score will be displayed at the conclusion of the quiz.
5.There are two panels on the app's homepage: the question screen and the result screen, which displays the score and grade.
6.The entire application will consist of five distinct modules: main.dart, question.dart, answer.dart, quiz.dart, and result.dart.

To start making the app we first have to create a flutter project which will give us many files and folders. In the Lib folder, there is a main.dart file already present. And now in the same folder rest, four files should be created:- 

-> question.dart 

->answer.dart

->quiz.dart 

->result.dart

Step 1: In step one we are going to

1.Create MyApp class and make it stateful.

2.Add questions for the home screen.

3.Create a widget tree for the home screen.

4.Starting with the main.dart file

Step 2: In step two we will create

1.Class Quiz (used in the home screen)

2.Widget tree for class Quiz

Step 3: In step three we will create

1.Class Question (again used in the home screen)

2.Widget tree for the class Question

Step 4: In step four we will create

1.Class Answer (used in the home screen)

2.Widget tree for class Answer

Step 5: In the last step we will create

1.Class Result for (result screen)

2.Remark logic

3.Class Result widget tree

After the app has been finalized, apk for the app can be generated by giving the command ‘flutter build apk’ in the terminal.
